Add target input (#82)
obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action: README.md

If you want to setup the toolchain manually, you can set `rust-toolchain` to `manual`. In this case, the action assumes some Rust toolchain is already installed and uses the default one:
```yaml
- name: Setup Rust
  uses: actions-rust-lang/setup-rust-toolchain@v1
  with:
    toolchain: stable
- name: Check semver
  uses: obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action@v2
  with:
    rust-toolchain: manual
```

### Build for target other than default

> By default, the action uses the default target (based on the host platform). You can force using a different target (which will be installed if missing) using `rust-target`:

Reviewer: This looks good. The one remaining suggestion I have is to reinforce in the text that this example is written assuming the default Linux GitHub Actions runner, not a macOS aarch64 runner. That way, readers will understand _why_ they would use this option, not just _how_ to use it.

One way to do that would be something like the following:
```suggestion
By default, the action uses the default target based on the host platform. You can force using a different target (which will be installed if missing) using `rust-target`. For example, you can check an `aarch64-apple-darwin` build while using the default Linux-based GitHub Actions runner:
```

Author: Sounds good!

    rust-toolchain: manual
```

### Build for target other than default

By default, the action uses the default target (based on the host platform). You can force using a different target (which will be installed if missing) using `rust-target`:
```yaml
- name: Check semver
  uses: obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action@v2
  with:
    rust-target: aarch64-apple-darwin
```

> If you want to setup the toolchain manually, you can set `rust-toolchain` to `manual`. In this case, the action assumes the specified target is already installed and uses it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to set up the toolchain manually, you can set `rust-toolchain` to `manual`. In this case, the action will *not* attempt to install the target — instead, it assumes the target is already set up:
```

Just to emphasize explicitly that manual toolchain selection means the user is on the hook for making sure the target is present too. Otherwise, if there's a 1% chance that a user might misunderstand this, that 1% is a lot of confusion across a large population of users so it'll cause a lot of frustration and "bug report" issues 😅

```yaml
- name: Setup Rust

>   uses: dtolnay/rust-toolchain@master
>   with:
>     toolchain: stable 2 months ago

Reviewer: I'd prefer to play it a bit safer with the example, since `cargo-semver-checks` does not make any guarantee that it'll support stable from 2 months ago. Also, `cargo-semver-checks`' own actions use a different toolchain setup script, so I wouldn't notice if a breaking change happened to the action used here.

So I'd recommend changing this to:
```suggestion
  uses: actions-rust-lang/setup-rust-toolchain@v1
  with:
    toolchain: stable
```

Author: Sure, I don't mind this change. The example is only based on the one right above, with also uses dtolnay. Want to change that as well?

Reviewer: Great catch, thank you. I appreciate you ensuring everything is consistent.

- name: Check semver
  uses: obi1kenobi/cargo-semver-checks-action@v2
  with:
    rust-toolchain: manual

>     rust-target: aarch64-apple-darwin

Reviewer: Will this work as-is on the default Linux GitHub Actions runner?

I just want to make sure this example is copy-pasteable in its entirety, or else we wouldn't be setting up users for success.

Author: Good catch. I'll update it and give a test run just to be sure.
